NAME
  crafter - craft recipes

SYNOPSIS
  crafter

DESCRIPTION
  Needs robot with Inventory, Inventory Controller Upgrade and Crafting Upgrade.
  Makes the robot probe inventory below him for necessary resources and use them to craft the reqested items.
  The crafter setting is stored in the crafter.config file, best use the configurator in the program itself to set it up.
  To get back the default configuration, just erase the crafter.config file.
  
  It is also possible to use internal configurator to auto-load recipes from adjescent inventory. Just consider every 3x4 rectangle (4 slots x 3 rows) to be a receipt, where  columns 2-4 are the real 3x3 receipt. Column 1 is the receipt's clasification. There in the top slot is the expected output item. Middle and bottom slots are optional and it does not matter what item is in them, the only thing which matters is the stack size. The middle slot stack size sais how many outputs should be crafted. The bottom stack size is weight of this receipt. In case of empty slot, max is 0 and weight 1. 
  
CONFIGURATION
  recipes: List or recipes objects
    { input, receipt, output, max, weight }
        input: List of item objects used in the receipt, 1st is refferenced in the receipt as '1' etc.
          { name, damage, label }
            name: Minecraft name of the item, string (minecraft:stone)
            damage: Damage value, number, use -1 to ignore damage (0)
            label: Just a call name, string (MyStone)
        receipt: String of 9 letters representing the receipt, use 'n' to skip a slot use numbers to reffer to items in the input list (n1nn1nn2n) Example is the minecraft sword.
        output: An item which we expect as the output, (see input)
        max: The maximum number of this items to have in the managed inventory (16)
        weight: Priprity of this receipt, now many times shoud the robot try this receipt before he moves to the next one
  useWeight: Switch to turn off weights entirely ('Y'/ 'n') if 'Y' it will behave like if weights would be infinite
  
EXAMPLES
  crafter
    Starts the crafter program